# CV — HR (from snehaanbhawal/resume-dataset, ID 20806155)

HR SPECIALIST (INFORMATION SYSTEMS) Experience 02/2013 - 12/2014 Company Name － City , State HR Specialist (Information Systems) Permanent/FT Supervisor: Iris Murray (910-432-2392) Served as Fort Bragg Installation Civilian Personnel Information Systems Manager with full responsibility for establishing and implementing automated personnel policy, providing advisory services, and resolving HR automation user issues. This included system access control, HR automation training administration and instruction, HR automation system software functionality and interface issues, hardware troubleshooting, installation and maintenance, and regulatory and procedural guidance, etc. Systems included: FASCLASS, AutoNoa, USA Staffing, Business Objects Applications (SAP Software), CPOL, DCPDS, CSU, eOPF, ASARS, etc. Designed, constructed, tested, deployed, and maintained organizational SharePoint infrastructure. Designed customized web-based management tools to improve organizational efficiency, communication, and archiving capabilities. Served as the Webmaster for the Fort Bragg Civilian Personnel Advisory Center (CPAC) internet and intranet products with responsibility for ensuring release compliance, proper website structure and architecture, ease of use, and esthetic appeal. Wrote detailed technical plans to maintain organizational functionality in the occurrence of service interruptions due to software incompatibility issues resulting from Network Enterprise Center compliance demands and newly implemented network configurations. Managed storage capabilities and built a detailed archival system to maintain organization's historic documents. Analyzed organizational automation training needs and constructed detailed training plans. Coordinated training registrations for internal and external customer base. Constructed customized slides and literature to meet training needs. Delivered short-term and extended training sessions on HR automation program functionality, troubleshooting, capabilities. Performed onsite and phone-based troubleshooting of HR automation programs. Assisted users with identifying likely causes of functionality problems and employed non-standard and standardized troubleshooting to solve user issues. Managed all user account requests for all Fort Bragg users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services to CPAC staff and external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance. 08/2012 - 02/2013 Company Name － City , State HR Specialist Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077) Served as a senior HR Specialist leading a four-person team in the accomplishment of recruitment and placement work. Responsible for analyzing workforce capabilities and equitably distributing workload to best utilize organizational resources. Set and tracked suspenses and deadlines on assigned work. Set workload milestones and regularly monitored whether my team was meeting the goals as projected and adjusted my approach accordingly to meet production requirements. Assigned and tracked all pre-work to ensure analytical accuracy in the strategic recruitment discussion and job analysis phases. Reviewed all RPA coding and remarks prior to submission for processing. Continually analyzed work practices and processes to gather data for streamlining or process change proposals. Managed all user account requests for all Pine Bluff Arsenal users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services to CPAC staff and external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance. Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation Information Management Officer for HR automation. Performed workforce needs assessments to determine