# CV — INFORMATION-TECHNOLOGY (from snehaanbhawal/resume-dataset, ID 18067556)

MASTER DATA MANAGER Experience Master Data Manager , 01/2019 to Current Company Name – City , State Aligning 100+ supply chain-related master data attributes to ensure the following guidelines are met:. Data Stewardship - Appropriate business units and ownership established to validate appropriate values, definitions and impact documentation for all master data fields. Data Quality - Applicable controls are set in conjecture with IT to ensure that a proactive approach is taken to new master data. Additionally, RPA process planned for Phase 2 to automate structured data entry and maintenance. Data Integrity/Data Warehousing - Structure business logic to ensure BOMs and other data relationships are both accessible and built as an asset for the business. Additionally, a Data Sync SOP was established for GS1 standardization. Reporting - Automate data quality reporting for executive staff to ensure 99.8% compliance is adhered to throughout the organization. Additionally, provide ad-hoc tools for the business to leverage clean data cubes. Data Governance Committee - Oversee executive strategy in institutional master data to commit to trusted, accurate, structured and meaningful master data. Engaging applicable stakeholders to promote data governance, data architect, data stewardship and data security the data governance committee oversees the framework for complex supply chain manufacturing operations. Director of Information Technology , 01/2017 to 01/2019 Company Name – City , State Supply Chain Management - Warehouse, 3PL, Food Services, Served as the corporate Project Manager, overseeing all implementations (WMS, ERP, QMS, CMMS, infrastructure). Responsibilities included progress reporting, budget control, task delegation, plan creation, vendor coordination, etc. Developed a range of documents and performed project selection tasks such as workflow process maps, system integration documents, infrastructure topology, organizational policies, GDPR, UAT, gap analysis, best fit models and user training manuals. Deployed and managed BI products to leverage company-wide data for decisionmakers, proactive analysis, and real-time resource planning. Utilizing SSRS/PowerBI to analyze sets of data across multiple databases, automate value-add reporting to 3PL clients, visualize KPIs thru the organization, create workflows for document automation and create alerts for various business units. Launched a high-performance data warehouses and virtual machines to store, integrate, analyze, and report on enterprise data. An array of SSAS cubes were deployed to allow for end-user ad-hoc tabular reports. Additionally, a complex network of interfaces between 6+ enterprise systems, 4 SQL databases, 1 Oracle database, and other enterprise systems (file server, exchange, EDI, etc) was implemented to support the ETL process. Executing infrastructure refresh for a 200,000 sqft industrial/production facility. The deployment includes an array of 15 switches, 1,000 cable runs, racking, 100 AP, 300 cameras, NVRs, controllers, and creating floor plans and topology documents. Controlled a $2MM IT budget, short-term and long-term strategies, and CapEx justification across the business. Including selecting and negotiating with vendors, promoting operational process improvement, instituting best practices, and developing IT roadmaps and strategic plans. On track to reduce IT spend by $250K by renegotiating vendor contracts, consolidating cloud services, implementing automation tools and upgrading legacy systems. Responsible for a team of IT professionals and vendors assigned to all corporate and local office systems, including ERP, WMS, logistics systems, data centers, servers and storage, PCs, mobile devices, BDR, telecom, and help desk. Reduced IT service desk's response time and resolution time while increasing knowledge base and reducing reoccurring tickets by over 50%. Information Technology Governance & Steering Committee (ITGSC) - Reporting directly to the 