# CV — SALES (from snehaanbhawal/resume-dataset, ID 17704246)

SALES ASSOCIATE Summary Experienced Manager at HyVee Grocery Store with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. Self-motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with minimal supervision. Demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. Detail-oriented and organized Transportation Logistics Coordinator offers comprehensive background in transportation management. Expert in transportation operations, waste prevention and safety compliance. HyVee with broad background, including management, customer service and general warehouse operations. Vast experience in all aspects of loading and transporting materials. Resourceful Hyvee and Retech with 2 years Hyvee and ReTech 1year in warehouse and inventory management. Specializes in increasing efficiency and accuracy in shipping and receiving operations. Hyvee and ReTech trained in supply chain management with extensive knowledge of enterprise deployment systems. Hardworking [ specializing in efficient loading of merchandise and on-time deliveries. Versed in all operational and financial aspects of fleet management, quality control, inventory control and customer service. Successful 16+ year career in shipping and supply chain management. Dynamic and results-oriented delivery professional specializing in business operations and transportation management. Excels in organized recordkeeping and client relations. Demonstrated the ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. Experienced with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and business audiences. Self-motivated and dependable while achieving high performance with minimal supervision. Creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to development. Skills Quick learner Training and development Change management Reports generation and analysis Time management skills Operations management Excellent communication Excellent communication Client-focused Excel in management, maintenance Experience 03/2007 to 03/2008 Sales Associate Company Name － City , State Engage with the store team and customers to provide excellent customer service •Display a positive attitude and promote teamwork •Exhibit professionalism in appearance and conduct •Follow store procedures in running the cash register and take initiative in doing store tasks •Stock, price, and organize products •Maintain cleanliness inside and outside of store 06/1998 to 09/2015 Crew Member Company Name － City , State • Maintain a fast speed of service, especially during rush times • Take orders from customers and input their selections into the restaurant's computer systems • Assemble orders on trays or in bags depending on the type of order • Process large orders for events • Count down your till at the end of each shift and deposit money in the safe • Clean your station thoroughly before, during and after each shift • Respond to guest questions, concerns and complaints and make sure they leave satisfied • Follow all restaurant safety and security procedures • Arrive on time for all shifts and stay until shift completion Followed all company safety standards, including food quality and sanitation procedures. Vacuumed and cleaned offices and common areas, emptied trash cans and restocked restroom supplies. Safely used knives, scales, wrappers, compactors, garbage disposals, pallet jack and hand trucks. Performed additional tasks to keep the dining room running smoothly. Used hot water, dish cloths and sanitizing cleaning products to wipe down areas in the kitchen where food had been prepared. Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests. Greeted guests in a pleasant and courteous 